sister
Sister husband
I was wrong.
grandma
Shenyang, please save grandma
Ah! What are you doing?
I paid 500,000 for you
If you dare to smash it into my hands
What do you mean?
Is your grandma's life no better than this broken unicorn?
Uh-huh.
My sister-in-law, grandma
Grandma, are you alright?
You give me an explanation
Grandma has no grandson, grandma
It must be something
He doesn't know how to drink water at all
He must be watching grandma, you're not feeling well
Deliberately replenish dirty water for grandson
Grandma Dopey too
Grandma, but it's annoying
He also smashed the monthly salary of that comb.
That's what my grandson bought 500,000
What 500,000?
I can't believe you smashed it!
You trash
Since you smashed it, you will pay me
Grandma, Mrs. Christmas just saved your life